OSDOCS-7308: run MicroShift on disconnected host (#70065)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_networking/microshift-disconnected-network-config.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-disconnected-network-config"]
= Configuring network settings for fully disconnected hosts
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-networking-disconnected-hosts
toc::[]

> Learn how to apply networking customization and settings to run {microshift-short} on fully disconnected hosts. A disconnected host can be any operating system, whether real or virtual, that runs without network connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to apply networking customization and settings to run {microshift-short} on fully disconnected hosts. A disconnected host should be RHEL 9.0+ operating system, whether real or virtual, that runs without network connectivity.
```

> Learn how to apply networking customization and settings to run {microshift-short} on fully disconnected hosts.  A disconnected host should be the {op-system-base-full} operating system, versions 9.0+, whether real or virtual, that runs without network connectivity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn how to apply networking customization and settings to run {microshift-short} on fully disconnected hosts. A disconnected host should be the {op-system-base-full} operating system, versions 9.0+, whether real or virtual, that runs without network connectivity.
```

Reviewer 2: @ShaunaDiaz I feel silly even mentioning this, but vale flagged it big-time. :-/

Author: Huh my local Vale in VSC didn't even twinge. I didn't see it 'cause of my line-wrap view. Good eye!
